This document describes the detailed usage of `hkml`.  This doesn't cover all
details of `hkml` but only major features.  This document may not complete and
up to date sometimes.  Please don't hesitate at asking questions or help for
this document via GitHub issues.

As of now, this document is work in progress, so incomplete.

Commands
========

Hackermail can be executed using `hkml` command.  Using sub-command of it,
users can manipulate mails.  Users can show the list of sub-commands via the
`--help` option of `hkml`.  Similarly, each subcommand support `--help` option.

Initialization
==============

To properly work, hackermail requires 1) working directory, and 2) mailing
lists manifest.

Working Directory
-----------------

Working directory is a directory to save the fetched mails and hanckermail's
metadata.  You may think this as something similar to `.git` directory of git.

You can explicitly set the path to the directory using `HKML_DIR` environment
variable, or `--hkml_dir` option of each sub-command.  If the path is not
specified, hackermail assumes the directory is named as `.hkm` and placed under
current directory, the `hkml` executable file placed directory, or your home
directory and try to find it.  If it cannot find a proper working directory,
most of `hkml` sub-command will fail.

Manifest File
-------------

Manifest file is a file for information on mailing lists that you want to
communicate with using `hkml`.  It describes from where in the internet the
mails you want to read can be fetched, name of the mailing lists archived in
the site, and the site-relative path to the git repositories for each mailing
list in json format.  It's very similar to that of lore[1] except the fact that
hackermail manifest is containing the site information.  A sample manifest file
for the linux kernel mailing lists is located at `manifests/lore.js`, which has
generated by `update_lore_manifest.sh`.

You can explicitly set the path to the manifest file using `--manifest` option
of each sub-command.  If it is not specified, hackermail assumes it is placed
under the working directory in name of `manifest` and try to use it.

[1] https://www.kernel.org/lore.html

`init` sub-command
------------------

`init` sub-command of `hkml` does setting the working directory and manifest
file.  For example, if you call below command on this directory, it will create
the working directory as `.hkm` directory under the repo, and Linux kernel
mailing list as the manifest.  Hence, you will be able to use `hkml` for Linux
kernel mails from anywhere by using `hkml` file in this directory.

```
$ hkml init --manifest ./manifests/lore.json
```

Fetching Mails
==============

Users can download mails from specific mailing list that described on the
manifest file onto the local storage using `fetch` sub-command.  It receives
the names of the mailing lists to fetch.  By default, it receives latest
epoch's mails of given mailing lists.  For example, below command downloads
recent mails from linux-mm mailing list.

```
$ hkml fetch linux-mm
```

Note that fetching can be done with `list` sub-command, which will be described
below.  In some use cases, `fetch` sub-command may not frequently used.

Listing Mails
=============

Reading Mails
=============

Replying
========

Writing New Mails
=================

Exporting Mails
===============
